Stabilize `rustdoc::bare_urls` lint (#81764)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustdoc/src/lints.md

warning: 2 warnings emitted
```

## bare_urls

> This lint is **nightly-only** and **warns by default**. It detects URLs which are not links.

Reviewer: nit: After this PR, it won't be nightly-only.

```suggestion
This lint is **warn-by-default**. It detects URLs which are not links.
```
